In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
This is what we've learned,
thanks to Chloé Bourgeois
- as Miracle Queen.
- Yes. I remember.
People of Paris! Listen
to Miracle Queen's first order.
From now on, no one will have
to keep his identity a secret!
All the Miraculous wearers,
come to me!
Yes... Yes! No more hiding!
Since then,
I've created Optigami.
My beautiful amok,
bring my creation to life.
Optigami, I am Mayura.
Be my eyes and discover
all of Ladybug's secrets.
Under my control, Optigami
followed
each of the Miraculous holders.
Alas,
they're just ordinary teenagers,
who spend their time between
school and other activities.
True, Ladybug sometimes
trusts them with a Miraculous,
but she's established rules
that prevent anyone
from discovering her identity.
She never shows her face, always
takes back the Miraculous,
and makes sure
no one ever follows her.
Even Optigami
couldn't stay on her tail.
We will learn nothing
more with this Sentimonster.
On the contrary, I believe that
it will help us finally discover
who is behind Ladybug's mask.
There's a flaw when the holder
gives their Miraculous back!
There! Imagine if Optigami
was hiding in the Miraculous
Ladybug took back.
He would lead us straight
to her home,
unknowingly.
Brilliant! But how do you plan
- to do that?
- I need an event
where all the holders
will be sure to come,
and a supervillain
who'll force her to assign
a Miraculous to defeat it!
And I know
just the right person for it.
Are you serious?
Where is the glitter?
- You're utterly useless!
- (Phone rings)
- Shoo! Shoo!
- GABRIEL AGRESTE: Audrey!
Once again,
this idea was formidable.
Utterly formidable, you mean.
Uh... What was the idea, again?
This new award by your magazine.
The Fashion Icon of the month!
And I was thinking
what better way
to launch the award
than by electing my son?
I'll take care
of the invitations right now!
Everyone's invited to this party
where Adrien's going to receive
the Fashion Icon Award
from Style Queen.
That's why she's paralysed.
Roar! Since everyone's invited,
can we come too?
ALL: Yeah!
Wait a sec. Sorry, but you know
the rule, no holder, no wander!
In that case, I can come,
since I've got a holder!
Technically, no.
I hold onto her Miraculous.
Well, then just
give it to her permanently.
Trixx isn't wrong. Now I know
you're Ladybug, I could help.
No. That'd be too risky.
You know the rule.
No Miraculous out of my sight,
no plight!
You're the Guardian. Your call.
Besides, it's time to go see
Adrien, our Fashion Icon.
Adrien!
- Yeah! Pew-pew. Pew-pew!
I bet I can get there before
the elevator does! Max, time me!
Ready? Go!
Elevators are perfect
for getting close
- to your secret crush.
- What? No!
What if we accidentally touch?
Let's not rush things, OK?
- Yeah! Pew-pew. Pew-pew!
(Laughter)
Ugh! If you don't start filming
this instant, you're fired!
Oh, but we have to wait
for Alec, he's the emcee!
Ridiculous! utterly ridiculous!
- Optigami is in place, sir.
- Ladybug has no idea
that her defeat will be captured
on film! Icing on the cake!
Yeah! Oh, come on!
- Hey! What's this?
- SentiAlec, you're up.
At your command, Shadow Moth.
(Cheering)
- It's about time!
- Roll!
- You won't be disappointed!
- You'll see.
It was worth the wait.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome
to the outdated headquarters
of Style Queen magazine,
that's almost as outdated
as Audrey Bourgeois herself!
(Laughter)
- (Laughter)
- Grr!
Well, well, has the Queen
of Digs suddenly lost her voice?
What a shame.
She could have told you
that this whole
award ceremony is rigged!
- Sorry, my boy!
- That's false, utterly false!
Don't listen to him!
You! How dare you?
- You're --
- Fired! Ha, ha! Too late!
You've utterly
ridiculed yourself already!
(Laughter)
Fly away, my little akuma,
and evilise this wonderfully
vile queen, once again!
(Laughter)
Style Queen, I am Shadow Moth.
This emcee has lost
all sense of style and class.
Spare me the boring speech,
Shadow Moth.
Give me back my powers and
I'll give you the two trinkets
- you're so obsessed with!
- Immediately, my Queen.
Aaah!
We gotta be ready in case
Ladybug needs us. Come on!
Glitter? Really?
For a Style Queen you sure are
a fashion victim!
You're the only victim
around here!
(He laughs)
- Go, Adrien, run!
- Kagami, no!
Since you want to play the hero,
you'll be the first
to get fired!
(Chloé screams)
Kagami, holder of the Dragon
Miraculous. Neutralised.
We must find the others
before Ladybug shows up.
Plagg...
Tikk -- Tick, tick, tick!
Tick-tock.
It's time to get out of here!
Uh, yeah... I was about to go
and get some help.
How gorgeous of you...
Uh, I mean how brave of you!
- Ladybug will show up!
- Yes, and Cat Noir!
Alec...
- This way, Mom! I saw him!
- I saw you laugh
when he ridiculed me!
You're fired!
Chloé, holder of the Miraculous
of the Bee. Neutralised.
Optigami, go find the others.
This is the safest way!
Run! Run! Go! Go!
Max, holder of the Miraculous
of the Horse. Located.
It seems like some know-it-alls
are trying to get out of here,
- my dear Queen.
- No one can escape
my unrivalled style!
Aaah!
No underdressed slob gets
out of here without a makeover!
- Uh... Sorry!
- Sorry!
(Embarrassed laugh)
The elevator doesn't work.
(Straining)
- It's too hard.
- I'm sure Cat Noir
- will be along to save us.
- Yeah... or Ladybug.
(Phone buzzes)
I'm stuck in the elevator!
With Adrien? LOL!
Yeah!
I'm stuck in an elevator
with Marinette.
This is so cool, Marinette
and Adrien are stuck together!
Yeah, that's awesome,
and not at all a problem!
How are you gonna do
what you need to do?
I have a plan,
but I need some time alone.
Gotta find a way
to let Ladybug know we're here.
- I'll go with you!
- Er... No, no, no, no, no!
We should split up.
If Style Queen gets to me first,
- you'll do something.
- I won't let that happen.
OK, but first
I've gotta make a pit stop,
if you know what I mean.
Wait here. I'll be right back.
I release you
from your existence, SentiAlec.
Aah! Huh?
Supervillain?
Super-moron, right?
Right!
Some still mock you
in the air ducts!
Argh!
Hold on! It's gonna be OK!
Luka, holder of the Miraculous
of the Snake. Neutralised.
Only three left.
(Dialling)
- (Laughter)
- (Phone rings)
It's the Guardian's
emergency cell!
KWAMIS: Hello?
- Who is it?
- Uh... I'm... I'm calling...
I'm calling the fire department!
Hello?
We're trapped in an elevator
- in Montparnasse Tower!
- Got it. We're taking off!
No, no! Don't fly here!
Because... um...
helicopters
are bad for the environment!
Maybe come on horseback,
instead!
You got that, fire department?
On horseback!
- Horse! She means you, Kaalki!
- I am not a horse.
I am a noble steed!
I was the companion
to the most glorious heroes!
She might be
talking about Fluff!
Of course! In prehistoric times,
they had a common ancestor.
Let's go back
to prehistoric times!
No, no, not prehistoric times!
Shh!
Hello? Hello? Hello?
She's in trouble, for sure.
- What are we gonna do?
- Stay calm. She'll call back.
Ha, ha!
PLAGG: Nnn-nnn.
- I...
BOTH:
..have to tell you something.
It's only your son. He's safe
with one of his classmates.
She's not on our list.
There's no one in that elevator,
Style Queen.
Phew!
What were you gonna tell me?
Uh, nothing. You?
Just... I was wondering
what that "eye thing" was.
I don't know.
But we'd better lay low.
I'll text Alya and ask
if she can call for help.
So... Here first, huh?
Everyone's a loser today!
Kim, holder of the Miraculous
of the Monkey. Neutralised.
That leaves us Alya and Nino,
the Fox and the Turtle.
Style Queen, only two left.
Call this number.
- Hello?
- I knew the Guardian
- should've let me party!
- Trixx?
(Phone rings)
Hey, there, it's Alya.
If you wanna stay connected,
leave a message!
Nino Lahiffe. Located. Alone.
Style Queen, you're up.
I know the perfect bait
to lure our last target
out of her hiding place.
SentiNino, I am Shadow Moth.
You will help me find
Alya Césaire.
Alya! Alya!
- Come on! Saddle up!
- Alya!
Alya!
Um, when a kwami
uses their power
without their holder,
doesn't it usually
set off catastrophes?
I never set off catastrophes.
Only exceptional events!
(Phone rings)
Don't forget to take
the Bee Miraculous.
It's essential to the plan!
I know, girl, don't worry.
Time to shine, guys!
Yeah!
Trixx, let's pounce!
Mirage! And voilà!
A cool little Ladybug illusion
to keep Style Queen busy,
while I'll...
Did the Guardian
ask you to do that?
Just a precaution.
Voyage!
Alya! Alya!
Alya!
- Alya!
- Style Queen might hear you!
Alya Césaire located, sir.
But she's transformed
into Rena Rouge!
- And she's with a kwami!
- What?
Here, your Miraculous.
Why are you the one
giving it to me?
Ladybug gave me a mission.
Go help her. I'll meet up later.
The only person
Ladybug entrusted
to distribute a Miraculous
was Cat Noir.
Seems Alya Césaire
is not just any holder.
Be that as it may, our plan has
not been compromised. Wayzz...
Shell on!
NATHALIE: Optigami,
merge with the Miraculous!
Today, I promise you
a great victory, Ladybug.
But what you don't know is that,
thanks to Optigami,
your victory will also be mine!
- Huh?
- Everything's fine.
Ladybug sent me
to get you to shelter,
before I help her fight
Style Queen! Kaalki?
Voyage!
- You first!
- Argh!
Wow, Marinette,
that was very well played!
Thanks. Tikki, spots on!
I'll come back for you as soon
as we've defeated the villain.
It won't be easy
to get back into that tower.
- Then let's go home!
- Not just yet.
Plagg, claws out!
- Good job, girls!
- That was some mission!
- Right, Kaalki?
- We did act with some mastery.
Just so I know, how many times
did you use your power?
Uh... a certain amount of times.
I can't imagine the catastrophes
that may have caused.
There's no time to lose.
Tikki, Pollen, unify!
Amazing job, Rena.
- Carapace?
- There's never too many of us.
Hmm. You're right.
Carapace will be useful to us.
Lucky charm!
Weird! I think
I can beat Style Queen
without my lucky charm.
The important thing
is to beat her, no matter how!
Call back your illusion!
So, you want to play
hide-and-seek, Ladybug?
Reality!
Argh!
Carapace!
I need you to protect me.
- Got it!
- I'll follow your lead.
(Evil laugh) Don't worry,
I won't say anything
to Style Queen, Ladybug.
I'll protect you. Because
nothing should prevent you
from winning today.
Shelter!
What?
Shell off!
Buzz off.
No more evil-doing
for you, little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Ladybug?
Cataclysm!
Ridiculous! utterly ridiculous!
Ladybug? Rena Rouge? Carapace?
How did you get in?
- Hello, Cat Noir.
- Sorry, Cat Noir.
I'd have come to get you
if I knew your identity.
Like I always say, Milady,
to know me is to love me.
On second thought...
(Chuckles) Rena Rouge, Carapace.
Stay here! I'll be back!
It was so easy
to beat the villain!
It's because
she had good partners!
ALL: Pound it!
- Shell off.
- Let's rest.
I don't get it. It was so easy,
I didn't use my lucky charm.
Normally, it's been the key
element to defeat the villain!
Our trap has just snapped shut,
Ladybug.
I guess it was only here
to help repair everything.
Uh... Hmm!
- Pew-pew. Pew-pew!
- (Laughter)
We're gonna have to be
a lot more careful now.
Shadow Moth knows the identities
of some of the people
I've given a Miraculous
and has decided
to use this information.
Isn't that right, Shadow Moth?
I'm sorry.
You'd better move away from him.
This isn't Nino.
It's a Sentimonster.
- Huh?
- That's impossible!
How did she figure it out?
Cataclysm this for me!
- But it's a Miraculous!
- Trust me.
(Groans)
One day I'll get you, Ladybug!
I release you
from your existence!
Miraculous Ladybug!
How did you figure out
there was a Sentimonster
- in that Miraculous, Milady?
- Thanks to my lucky charm.
It always shows me
the right way.
Except, this time,
I'd gotten the villain wrong!
Shadow Moth almost
unmasked you because of me.
I should never
have taken that Miraculous.
It's true,
you did make a mistake.
That's why I'll have to make
a difficult decision.
It's important
to learn from our mistakes.
And I learned that I need
an ally who can replace me
in case something
happens to me one day.
From now on, you'll keep
the Miraculous of the Fox
with you.
And I'm going to tell you
everything I know.
See? I'm always right,
even when I'm wrong!
We don't know our enemies
well enough.
Alya Césaire
seems to have a special status
in the organisation Ladybug
has set up as a Guardian.
It's time for us
to take an interest in her.
Hmm.